Go ahead.
The book situation?
It was very different from his collections of other things, which he collected to excess, knew a great deal about from a design standpoint.
He knows a great deal about doorknobs.
He gave me one.
You know, this machine, it just stops.
I want you to say once more, if you can.
about the gentle, loving person that he is.
I don't want to miss that quote.
If you could just try and remember or say it again once more, the tape had stopped.
I just want to make sure I have that.
Well, Stephen is an individual whom I think many people love.
People who
are very ordinary people.
Mrs. Hall would be perhaps a good example.
Isn't that what you were telling me about him?
You said he is a loving, he's a gentle person.
Yes.
The suggestion that he might be the hardened criminal, you know, which was the master thief.
Stephen is the antithesis of the hardened criminal.
He's in no sense.
He hasn't got the...
He hasn't got the makeup of a hardened criminal at all.
He wouldn't hire him a fly.
It would be a tragedy then to put him into a prison, wouldn't it, with these people?
I think it would be a real tragedy, except that he would find somebody to love him there, for some reason.
He told me that when he was going with Jefferson, that the head mafia guy wanted to talk to him.
He was a celebrity, you know, because he wanted to know how come he didn't take things that were more liquid, like gold or jewelry.
How he finds people to love him, I don't know.
And he was down in this Missouri place, Springfield, and a great big tough guy comes up to him and says, I'm going to be your friend.
Yeah, we're all set.
We're all done.
Yeah, we're going to wrap it up now.
Okay, the only thing is...